ISPN-12937 Expiring counters (#9508)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/counters.adoc

* `upper-bound` [strong]: Sets the strong consistent counter's upper bound.
Default value is `Long.MAX_VALUE`.

> * `lifespan` [strong]: Sets the strong consistent counter's lifespan in milliseconds.
> After this time, the counter is removed and its value reset to the counter's initial value.
> A `lifespan` lower or equals to `0` (zero), disables this feature.
> Default value is `-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `lifespan` [strong]: Specifies the maximum amount of time, in milliseconds, that strong counters can stay in memory.
Counters are removed from the cluster when they exceed the lifespan and are reset to their initial values.
Setting a value of `0` or `-1` (default) means counters are never removed.
```

NOTE: If neither the `lower-bound` or `upper-bound` are configured, the strong counter is set as unbounded.

WARNING: The `initial-value` must be between `lower-bound` and `upper-bound` inclusive.

> WARNING: The `lifespan` is an experimental feature and may be changed or removed in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: The `lifespan` attribute is an experimental capability and may be changed or removed in a future version.
```

include::code_examples/CounterGetStrongCompareSwap.java[]
----

> To use a strong counter as rate limiter, configure `upper-bound` and `lifespan` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a strong counter as a rate limiter, configure `upper-bound` and `lifespan` parameters as follows:
```

[source,java]
----
include::code_examples/CounterRateLimiter.java[]
----

> NOTE: this is an experimental feature and may be removed in a future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `lifespan` parameter is an experimental capability and may be removed in a future version.
```
